tomorrow whenever I'm traveling chillin
with my friends and family I love taking
pictures and this superb until you come
along with the huge big fancy
professional camera and everyone's float
with your photography well what can I
say it's not the camera it's the man
behind the camera omana will you please
stop bragging about yourself I'm going
to try my hand at the cannon s 106a its
appointed should thank you camera you
know all the things come in small
packages and so does this new baby from
Canon it's called s100 a very small
camera little wonder but has power pad
features so let's get to know the new
kid on the block but the looks in
contrast to the radical changes made on
the inside externally the s100 bears an
uncanny resemblance to its predecessor
s95 the camera has a matte metal finish
and makes it feel incredibly robust with
chunky controls and an elegant styling
s100 boasts a handyman scan floor ring
around the front which can be used for
quickly altering camera settings such as
exposure compensation aperture
sensitivity the camera has a good grip
to rub around the back enables a firm
grasp on the slim body the camera has
been on the heavier side but that's what
makes it study the top panel features a
chunky metal more dial which is well
stocked with a range of automatic and
manual features scene mode selection
button it's not for accessing the x100s
HD with your recording mode the top of
the camera features the motor and zoom
rocker as well it features various
connectivity options the boats include
an AV out digital USB port and an hdmi
port the 5x optical
lens along with the intelligent Image
Stabilizer helps to get a stable picture
even from a distance the layout of the
on-screen controls and the ability to
access them is very neatly designed it
can also shoot 1080p HD videos and a
very neat feature of this camera that is
not really common is that one can zoom
into a subject while in with your moon
this helps in getting up close to
objects without the need to move closer
now the performance testing the ISO
levels when the cameras is all levels
fair go to 1600 but about this it
started to get a bit noisy in terms of
the zoom with 5x optical zoom one can
see that image is captured with it has
no blur and the pictures click from a
distance are also very clear as the
camera remains steady okay with shooting
on the auto mode and the result of the
auto mode pictures were just fantastic
but if you want to achieve something
more out of this camera then shooting in
the manual mode is not a bad idea the
tones captured on the camera's LCD
display was the same that was reproduced
on the screen skin tones all appeared
natural and outdoor photography was all
really good while capturing pictures
indoors or in low-light environments the
camera performed really well to the
battery well the brand bundles our house
is 120 mah battery with the camera and
it rates it at approximately 200 shots
and now for the verdict this camera
really does well in its performance as
it offers above average with your
quality as compared to other
point-and-shoot compact cameras fergie
this camera is a deal for everyone to
use because it practically has no
internal curve to it whatsoever also
this camera is best suited to
professional photographers who are
looking for a point-and-shoot camera to
tote around and for budding
photographers trust me this one gives
amazing results the camera is priced at
rubys 27,000 which in turn pops up a
question at this price why
one shouldn't go for a DSLR well now
that has to be your call time now for
the ratings on the geek ah meters this
one gets an eight for general users it
gets an eight and on the style quotient
it gets an eight again